this fear in all of us I know that now
tell you live with it that makes you who
you are I'll serve that one day then add
a demo
thinking the fishing on Saturday I want
to come back probably gonna go out to
the bait with Lane what would you do if
she put a hand in your pocket who I
would chew I don't know see what you
could fawn what do you reckon he beat
her I reckon I could talk she Lawton
what look at me with that special wolf
she wasn't looking at anything how does
it feel when it's not serious
you boys will find out you'll be out
there thinking that my solid
I'm a just ordinary
look at me let's just do something
different all right P is only natural my
bearing to try that's mankind for you
you're different got this look don't you
expect him to lose something
I don't know if I'm feeling
come apart you know what's one you're a
cow show a bit acid or club full it's
cheap
say no wives big enough to get the boy
wonders hot stuff our Big Boy Wonder
don't want you to think I don't not
assess things well I think you know what
I'm talking about
let me dirty read that are you talking
about
nothing just gossip honey let him go
please
what about what you need it's not about
who thought some you know it's about
surrender surrender is what phrase you
are to be completely in the manner to
commit with your body and your soul got
a shred of doubt
[Music]
these kids had some fun you should know
that by now
[Music]